Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/usage/headers.md

`Content-Type` | `application/json` | Required for all requests.
`Preview-Version` | A timestamp (seconds since January 1, 1970). | Use this header to query products, categories, price rules, and other entities that are scheduled to be in a campaign (staged content). Staging is supported in Adobe Commerce only.
`Store` | `<store_view_code>` | The store view code on which to perform the request. The value can be `default` or the code that is defined when a store view is created.

> `X-Captcha` | Shopper-entered CAPTCHA value | Required when a shopper enters a CAPTCHA value on the front end, unless an integration token is provided. Forms requiring CAPTCHA values are configured at **Stores** > **Configuration** > **Customers** > **Customer Configuration** > **CAPTCHA** > **Forms**.

Author: ```suggestion
`X-Captcha` | Shopper-entered CAPTCHA value | Required when a shopper enters a CAPTCHA value on the frontend, unless an integration token is provided. Forms requiring CAPTCHA values are configured at **Stores** > **Configuration** > **Customers** > **Customer Configuration** > **CAPTCHA** > **Forms**.
```
